Previously
on "The Vampire Diaries"...
Does Elena
enjoy having both of you
worship at her altar?
I love you.
But look me in the eye and tell me
that you don't feel something for him.
To break the sire bond,
you've got make yourself turn.
I just turned about a hundred
times in the appalachian mountains.
Won't know if it's broken
for sure until I test it.
If you are to kill
all of my children,
I will need to bind
your ring to the stake,
rendering the white oak
indestructible.
What are you doing
with him?
I'm going to remake him.
Make him strong, fast.
A true hunter.
Aaah! Oh!
I'm not going to complete
the transition.
We're just going to lock
you in here and let you die?
I can't be a vampire.
What do you mean,
you're ditching
my clean-up committee?
Klaus called.
He's leaving town and wants
me to pack up his house.
Well, since when does sire
bond equal mover slave?
Since he realized you're not
going to dump me for him.
He's being petty.
And he still thinks
I'm sired to him.
It's fine.
I'll keep up the act
and it will all be over soon.
I'm late. I've got to go.
I love you.
I love you, too.
Hello?
Where's Matt?
He bailed.
Got called into work
at the last minute.
Are you kidding me?
So it's just us?
Yes, and you're late.
Clean-up committee
started at 8:00.
It's like 8:02.
Exactly.
I managed
to turn up on time
and I didn't even get
to attend the dance
that I organized.
I'm sorry
about your mom.
I mean, I know you,
like, you hated her
and everything,
but still.
I'm sorry.
Sorry about your teacher.
He seemed like a nice guy.
Yeah. He was.
I'm going to get
started on the gym.
You're supposed to be dead.
I am.
Sync & corrections by Rafael UPD
www. addic7ed. com/
Going darker, huh?
It's the only color we had.
That's what happens when you decide
to paint your dead guardian's room
in the middle
of the night.
I don't suppose anyone
tried to talk you guys
out of doing this...
So soon.
We have to keep moving.
Otherwise we'll start thinking,
and we don't want to think.
You want a hand?
So are you two, like,
back together or something?
What? No, jerm,
we're just...
I was just checking up on you guys,
seeing how you were doing.
After, uh...
After everything.
We're fine. But, if you are
trying to be the good guy again,
why don't you do the right
thing and give us one day.
Just one day without
any vampires in it.
He didn't mean that.
Yeah... Yeah, he did.
I'll get that.
We have a problem.
Alaric Saltzman
just tried to kill me.
is supposed to be dead.
Well, he's not! And he's
a vampire thanks to mother's spell.
With a white oak stake
that can't kill him.
He's stronger, Nick.
Too strong.
Where is he now?
Stuck at the school
without a daylight ring,
but as soon as night falls,
he'll come after us.
We need to leave now.
Fine.
I'll collect Elena
and we'll be on our way.
Forget Elena! You don't need
any more stupid hybrids!
What I need is protection from
Esther's continued assaults against us.
We'll protect each other,
like we always have.
Always and forever, Nik.
I'm not leaving
without her.
I'm leaving now.
You can either walk
out that door with me
or you are
on your own.
Fine.
Trust your hybrids
over your family.
Let your spite be the death of you.
See if I care.
Move it, sire boy.
What's her deal?
What do you mean,
he turned?
I thought you were
standing guard.
Don't blame me!
Blame Bonnie the blood bank.
She fed him.
I had no idea
what was happening.
OK, the witches led me there.
They wanted him to feed
so he'd turn.
So where's the stake now?
Oh, you mean
the white oak one?
The one that can
kill an original
and wipe out an entire
line of vampires?
We don't know.
If you are so upset with me,
why did you feed me
your blood to save my life?
Because I do stupid
things, Bonnie.
I do things,
like let my friend
die with dignity when
I should have just killed him.
All right, so how
do we kill him now?
I've been trying
to figure that out.
A witch can't truly
make an immortal creature.
There's always a way
to undo a spell.
So?
What's the witchy
workaround?
That's the problem.
I don't know.
Whoever this is,
it's not funny.
Who else would it be?
Ric?
Listen closely.
I'm at the school.
I have Caroline.
And if you want
to keep her alive,
I need you
to get into your car
and come down here
right away.
If you tell anyone
where you are going,
I will kill her.
What the hell
do you want?
Now is that any way
to treat a guest?
What are you doing
here, Klaus?
Well, for starters, young Jeremy
here could show some manners
and invite me inside.
Why don't you go up
to your room.
Now.
Hmm. Poor lad.
Loses one questionable
father figure
only to be replaced by
the likes of the two of you.
Yeah, about that.
Something happened.
Oh, I know all about my mother's
invulnerable little creation.
That's why I'm here.
I'm leaving town.
I just need to pick up
a few road trip necessities.
Spare tire, flashlight...
Doppelganger.
Can't
help you there.
Elena!
Where is she?
I don't know. She was just
here a few minutes ago.
Where is she?
She's not here.
What do you mean,
she's not here?
Where did she go?!
What's going on?
Klaus wants in.
We have to keep him out.
Duck!
Right on time.
Caroline!
Let her go, Alaric.
Free her yourself.
Hey.
You said that
you would let her go!
How many times do I have
to tell you, Elena?
Stop trusting vampires!
Think you're probably
going to want to let me in.
Elena's car is gone.
Why wouldn't she tell
anyone where she was going?
Get down!
Missed me!
Missed me again!
Alaric.
Put it out.
Come outside
and make me.
Elena's not here.
Alaric has her and Caroline.
He's going to kill them both unless
you turn yourself over to him.
Now I know
you're not asking me
to walk into
a certain death.
I really wish we could.
But unfortunately,
if Alaric kills you,
there's a one in four chance
that we die, too.
I'll take those odds.
And a hundred percent
chance that Tyler dies.
I'm good with that, too.
Why don't we just figure out
a way to put Alaric down, hmm?
OK. How about Damon sneaks
in and distracts Alaric
while Stefan grabs Elena
and carries her to safety.
Oh, that's a great idea. What's to
stop me from being killed instantly?
Nothing.
Caroline's in there.
Don't you have
a thing for her,
or did she just reject you
too many times?
This isn't really, uh,
helping too much.
I might have an idea.
My mom used
a desiccation spell
on mikael that immobilized
him for over 15 years.
If I can get it, I might be
able to use it on Alaric.
If and might. Your words
inspire such confidence.
I'll get it.
But even with the spell,
we'll need a lot of vampire
muscle to take him down.
Including yours.
Just so we're clear,
the sun sets
in about eight hours.
We don't succeed
before then,
Elena will be dead,
I'll be gone,
and the rest of you will be
left to fend for yourselves.
No, don't, please don't.
Alaric, stop!
Sit down!
This keeps the vervain
in her system.
It's like inhaling razor
blades with every breath.
Why are you doing this?
To make it easier on you when
you put her out of her misery.
What? No!
Isn't this what you wanted, Elena?
For me to teach you
how to kill
a vampire?
Well, here's
a vampire, Elena.
Kill her.
This isn't what I want.
Of course it is.
All those hours you spent training,
getting stronger...
You could be
a hunter, Elena.
But you've never
actually staked
a vampire
through the heart.
Well,
this is promising.
Relax.
Abby will be here.
I'm sorry. I forgot
about her stellar track record
in the dependability
department.
Jamie said
she was coming, OK?
Just... Give her time.
Don't get your hopes up.
Might be a girl scout.
Hello, Bonnie.
Thanks for coming.
Jamie's worried about you.
He said it was urgent.
I just didn't think you'd
ever want to see me again.
Like Jamie said...
It's urgent.
Abby just showed up.
Good. Perhaps this plan won't be
an epic failure after all.
You know,
if this does go off
and we drop the history
teacher in the Atlantic,
I'm still leaving with Elena.
I'll go with you.
Really?
What's the catch?
There's no catch.
I turn my back
on everything here
to make sure
Elena's safe.
And that is what makes you
her better option.
It's a shame it's not
easier for Elena to see that.
I mean, personally, I think she's
wasting her time with Damon.
You know, all this time
and energy you spend
trying to get me and my brother
to hate each other...
It's actually had
the opposite effect.
- Has it?
- Has it really?
Well, then perhaps
I should let Elena decide
which Salvatore joins us.
I mean, if you and Damon
are so close.
Ah, go for it.
Damon and I have been through
a hell of a lot worse than you.
Why didn't I have to be
invited in?
Only vampires live here.
We had signed over
the deed to Elena,
but she died
and the seal broke.
And... It's
a very long story.
Blood?
Oh, come on.
Think of it
as a peace offering.
Fine.
More for me.
We called you here because
I need help with a spell.
Esther created a vampire
that can't be killed.
I want to desiccate him
like you did to mikael.
Bonnie... It's too dangerous.
Your magic comes
from the earth.
It's pure.
This spell asks you
to tap into dark places.
Places of temptation.
Places you can't handle.
You turned your back
on me for 16 years.
You have no idea
what I can handle.
Got to say I'm team
Bonnie on this one.
How hard can it be
to parch a vampire?
The spell allows you
to stop a vampire's heart.
The blood will stop flowing,
and his body will dissociate.
That's exactly what
we want to do.
To stop a vampire's heart,
you need to find a balance
among the living.
Can you handle that?
What? What does that mean?
Bonnie, I don't speak witch.
I have to stop
a human heart.
I just got this.
It connects me to Caroline
and Elena through our phones.
They're in Alaric's classroom.
You should go in
from the South entrance.
Digital locator spell.
Why the hell do
we need you, then?
Hand it over.
I'm not giving you my ring.
Let me do this.
By my math, you've already
bit it once, possibly twice,
wearing that thing,
and if for some reason
Bonnie can't restore your heart
and you do indeed die,
then before you know it,
we have another
psycho alter ego
case on our hands.
Which is bad.
So give me the ring.
This is my ring,
Elena's my sister.
No one's going to fight
harder for her than me.
Fine. Stubborn.
Try not to kill him.
Look at this.
One big happy
family.
Drink this.
It's my blood.
It Bridges us all together
so that when I stop
Jeremy's heart,
you'll have the power
to stop Alaric's.
You need to make a physical
connection to his bloodstream...
a vein, artery,
something connected
to his heart.
One of us gets a clean shot,
take it, the other two
hold him down.
Before we all walk
through these doors,
let's get on the same page,
shall we?
I was the one who created
your vampire bloodline,
therefore I am responsible
for your lives.
And Tyler's life,
Caroline's life,
and, of course,
Abby's life.
Should anything
go wrong.
Or you're just lying
to save your ass.
I'm not lying.
Go ahead, call my bluff.
Let the teacher kill me.
You'll all be dead soon thereafter.
Let's just get this
over with, shall we?
Why are you doing this?
Because you need me.
Because you're an
18-year-old girl
without parents
or guidance or any sense
of right and wrong anymore.
Look at you.
How is this right?
She's a murderer.
She told me she killed
someone and liked it.
Now how is
that right?
See, Elena...
Your parents
led the council.
It was their life's mission
to keep this town safe.
They weren't dead six months
before you undid it all.
You don't know
anything about them.
Why, am I wrong?
Do you actually think...
That they'd be
proud of you?
If you don't side
with the humans...
You're just
as bad as them.
Now kill her.
Or I'll do it for you.
And I'll make it hurt.
I thought I taught you
better than that.
You did.
Get help!
It's OK,
it's OK.
It's me. It's OK.
You're safe.
We'll save Elena.
You go straight home,
you stay inside, you understand?
Do you understand me?
Thank you.
I should kill you.
I should gut you
like Brian Walters,
Bill Forbes
and all the other cowards
I plan on ripping apart. You're the
worst offender of them all, Elena.
You don't deserve to live.
So then why am I
still alive?
There's obviously
no humanity left in you.
So what's stopping you,
Alaric?
If you want me dead,
then kill me!
Do it! Kill me!
Do it now!
They made contact.
It's happening.
Aaah!
What's wrong?
Something happened.
The connection broke.
Stop! Let him go
or I'll kill myself.
Put it down, Elena.
Why?
Because you still
need me alive?
There's a reason why Esther used
me to make you, isn't there?
She didn't want you
to be immortal.
So she tied your life
to a human one... mine.
That way, you have
only one lifespan
to kill all vampires,
and then you'll be gone.
So when I die, you die, too.
That's it!
It has to be.
You're wrong.
Am I?
Stop, stop, stop, stop!
Oh, be careful.
Moving only
makes it hurt more.
What are you doing?
Draining you
of all your blood.
Elena?
Tyler! Help me!
He can't.
He needs to go fetch me
more empty blood bags.
About three liters
worth, please, Tyler.
Tyler, please...
Get Stefan.
Please.
No, Tyler,
get the bags.
Forget the girl
and get the bags.
Now.
So that's it?
You're just going
to bleed me dry?
Yes. But don't worry.
It'll be completely painless.
As the last drop is drawn,
you'll simply fall asleep.
Ugh, why am I
still alive?
Get up.
I said get up!
Klaus is going
to kill Elena.
What?
What are you
talking about?
Klaus needs Elena's
blood to make hybrids.
She's the last person
that he'd kill.
The witch bound
my life to Elena's.
If she dies, I die.
Klaus figured that out,
and now he's taken her.
Now I'm trapped here
until the sun goes down,
so you two better
get to what you do best...
saving Elena's life.
What about your hybrids?
You'll need more than this
to create your army.
These last few liters
will have to suffice.
You see...
By attempting
to kill us,
my mother strengthened
the bond between my siblings and I.
I don't need hybrids.
I have my family.
If you believe that,
then why take my blood at all?
You want a back-up family.
You know that your siblings
will never trust you again.
You know Stefan blames me for
trying to tear him from his brother?
But I think we both know
who really came between them.
You.
That's why
you won't choose.
You know once
you pick a Salvatore,
you'll destroy
their bond.
Consider this me
doing you a favor.
Once you're dead,
you won't have to choose.
No broken hearts.
Their family
stays intact.
But just
between us girls,
who would you
have picked?
Rot in hell.
Hmm.
You're welcome.
Sweet dreams, Elena.
It's been fun.
What are you doing?
Shh.
Tyler...
So much for that
sire bond.
I'm not
your little bitch anymore.
How did you break
the sire bond?
By breaking every bone in my body a
hundred times for the girl I love.
That's impossible.
Is it? Or maybe real love
is stronger than fake loyalty.
But what would you know
about that?
You know,
you should be thanking me.
I gave you a gift,
I took away your misery.
You didn't give
a crap about me!
You just didn't want
to be alone.
Good-bye, Tyler.
Hey. Are you OK?
Come on.
Oh, my God! Jeremy!
Jeremy!
We should get her home
before the sun sets.
Heh. You two are really
going to walk me
all the way to the door,
aren't you?
You lost a lot
of blood today.
Yeah, I know,
but I told you, I'm fine.
I just... I have
a little headache.
Yeah, but the sun's
about to go down
and Ric's going to be able to
terrorize the streets any minute.
Yeah, but he can't hurt me.
It's you two we should
be worrying about.
He won't be able
to find us.
I'll, uh...
I'll call you
when we get back.
I know it's selfish.
I- I know that it seems like
I'm stringing you both along,
but I don't... I don't know
what I'm supposed to do.
I mean...
If I choose one of you,
then I lose the other.
And I've lost so many
people, I just...
I can't bear the thought
of losing one of you.
Ah, it's, uh...
It's been a long day.
We'll call you from the road.
After we dump
Klaus' body in the lake.
Just... Be careful.
Both of you.
What are you guys
doing here?
Welcome to our
victory party!
What victory?
We failed.
Alaric's still out there.
We know. But we've been trying
to get rid of Klaus forever
and Caroline convinced us
to enjoy it... for a night.
Got to be honest...
I'm a little pissed
none of you let me take down
original brother number two.
Yeah, he would have taken you
right down to the hospital, bro.
Please, I'm more stealth
than that. I'm like a ninja.
You wish.
Here.
You need this.
I heard. And you know
that sooner or later,
you're going to have
to choose, right?
I know.
Hey. Give me your hand.
Thank you for standing up
to Klaus like that.
Let's just say it's
been a long time coming.
Way too long.
All right, let's drink.
I do not condone this,
by the way.
You survived Klaus.
All right, make an exception.
You can go back to being
responsible tomorrow.
OK.
Hang on.
Do you guys hear that?
That is the sound
of a Klaus-free life.
To a Klaus-free life.
And to all of you.
- My family.
- Cheers!
Carol. What's so urgent you called
an emergency council meeting
at this hour?
I didn't call
the meeting, Liz.
He did.
Join us, sheriff.
I was just telling the council
about our vampire problem.
Or should I say,
your problem.
What do you think
you're doing?
Well, perhaps you
and the mayor can
enlighten the group.
On the strides
you've taken to
eliminate the issue.
Oh, that's right...
you haven't.
You see, the sheriff,
the woman we elected
to keep our families
safe and town secure
has a vampire
for a daughter.
And our lovely mayor,
a son who is
half-vampire,
half-werewolf.
Why are you doing this?
These women
are hypocrites.
They claim
to spearhead our defense
against a supernatural
presence,
then cover up
the violent attacks
committed by their
own children.
That's enough. We're done here.
It's time to go.
Sit down, Liz.
We're just getting started.
What?
How many desiccated hybrids does
it take to screw in a light bulb?
You're in a good mood.
Yeah, I'm in a good mood.
Klaus is dead,
my brother's halfway sane...
again.
Give or take an immortal
hunter that wants to kill us.
We won, Stefan.
Come on, say it.
Say it!
We won.
Once more, with feeling!
Thank you.
No, you know what,
thank you.
Turns out we make
a pretty good team, huh?
It only took
a century and a half.
What happens when, uh...
Elena makes
her decision?
You know how these things
pan out, Stefan.
She'll probably make
a list of pros and cons
and at the end of the day,
dump both our asses.
What if she doesn't?
Then she'll pick one of us.
Well, if she chooses you...
I'll leave town and let you two be
happy and not be bothered by me.
And in 60 years,
we'll go back to being brothers
and none of this will
have mattered, right?
Yeah.
Fine.
If she chooses you,
I'll... Leave town, too.
All this over one girl.
She's a pretty
special girl.
Yes, she is.
Hey. Everyone gone?
It's just us.
I hate this room.
Me, too.
Mom and dad were right.
Alaric should just
kill all the vampires
and put an end
to all of this.
But then that means
that Caroline dies.
And Bonnie
loses her mom.
The mayor loses her son,
and I lose Stefan
and Damon.
So if it makes me the bad guy for
wanting to keep those people alive,
then fine.
I'll be the bad guy.
You forget that Alaric
never wanted any of this.
Once he carries out his plans,
what if he decides
he doesn't want
to live anymore?
And he kills his human
connection to end his life.
That would mean
I would lose you.
I'm not going
to let that happen.
I'm going to shower
and get some sleep.
Good night, Elena.
Good night.
Sync & corrections by Rafael UPD
www. addic7ed. com/